This wasn't the first health scare with Mum, and my brother and sister were always quick
to help out.
But this time was different.
She'd be here for at least another week, then more long-term care.
We just weren't prepared for that.
I should have accepted more help when the friends offered.
I just didn't want to be a burden.
Janice understood and she was wondering how this might affect her Bethel service.
Parents wished he'd live closer so he could do more.
We decided to pray, sleep on it, and regroup after doing some research.
I shared the example of Joseph at Genesis 45, where he told his father,
you must dwell in the land of Goshen, where you will be near me.
I will supply you with food.
He didn't let a long distance get in his way of caring for Jacob.
He took practical steps, and made his care a priority.
Janice and Terence found great articles too, offering solutions such as asking for periodic
help, making more time to communicate with Mum, or even getting a part-time nurse.
We weren't prepared for her situation to change so suddenly, but Jehovah is guiding us
through each new challenge.
And with his help, we're honoring Mum, making her care our continual priority.
In this dramatization, we saw one way that the family decided to care for an aging parent.
Of course, situations will differ from one family to the next.
Each must make a prayerful decision based on their circumstances.